All my LLM experiments, all in one place.

## Current Experiments
- [AI detector](ai_detector/README.md): A thorough experiment to detect if a text is generated by a language model or not by analyzing the probability distribution when passing the text to a LLM.
- [Attention Analysis](attention_analysis/README.md): Analyzing the attention weights of a LLM by visualizing them.
- [Dreaming](dreaming/README.md): Fine-tuning a LLM with the goal to inject long term memory without significantly affecting the model's performance.
- [Progressive Embedding](progressive_embedding/README.md): Visualizing how a sentence's meaning evolves as each word is added to it.
- [Animation](animation/README.md): A continuation of the Progressive Embedding experiment. It visualize the evolution of many sentences at once.
- [DPO Training](dpo_and_control_vectors/README.md): Experiments with [the DPO paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.18290).
- [Control Vectors](dpo_and_control_vectors/README.md): Experiments with [the control vector paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01405).
- [Subspaces](dpo_and_control_vectors/README.md): Exploring the subspaces of LLM's weights.
- [Restaurant Reviews](RestaurantReviews/readme.md): A school final project to derive 6 categorical scores from restaurant reviews using a Llama model. Including a detailed blog for mathematical explanation as well as data-gathering code.
- [LLM Wizard](llm_wizard/README.md): A tiny tool to reduce some boilerplate code when working with LLMs.
- [Other Experiments](experiments/README.md): A collection of other experiments that I have done.


## Warning
This repository is extremely messy. I have not taken the time to organize it neatly. Most of the code won't work out of the box. Sorry about the inconvenience.

